docs(js): Update content in SvelteKit's manual quick start guide (source maps, csp) (#13843)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/sourcemaps/upload/primer/javascript.sveltekit.mdx

### Source Maps Upload

> By default, `sentrySvelteKit()` will add an instance of the Sentry Vite Plugin, to upload source maps for both server and client builds. This means that when you run a production build (`npm run build`), source maps will be generated and uploaded to Sentry so that you get readable stack traces in your Sentry issues.

Reviewer: l: I'd reword this slightly to better explain `sentrySvelteKit()`. I think in the previous location, the meaning was implicitly clear from the sections above it but on this page it needs further clarification. Also, we can just omit the Vite plugin instance because at the end of the day that's an implementation detail. 

```suggestion
By default, the `sentrySvelteKit()` Vite plugin uploads source maps for both server and client builds. This means that when you run a production build (`npm run build`), source maps will be generated and uploaded to Sentry so that you get readable stack traces in your Sentry issues.
```

However, you still need to specify your Sentry auth token as well as your org and project slugs.
There are two ways to set them:

> **Option 1**

Reviewer: m: The options here really only differ in how much users set as env variables vs. directly in code. Users can set project and org slugs in code but they _should never_ set the auth token in code as it must remain a secret and shouldn't be committed. 

So I'd recommend we:
- always show the `.env` file for setting the `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN`
- also show a complete `.env` file for option 1 (see my comment)
- show both `.env` and `vite.config.ts` for option 2 (basically how we used to show it in manual setup).

Does this make sense?

### Source Maps Upload

By default, the `sentrySvelteKit()` Vite plugin uploads source maps for both server and client builds. This means that when you run a production build (`npm run build`), source maps will be generated and uploaded to Sentry so that you get readable stack traces in your Sentry issues.

However, you still need to specify your Sentry auth token as well as your org and project slugs.
There are two ways to set them:

**Option 1**

You can set all values as environment variables, for example, in a `.env` file:

```bash {filename: .env}
# DO NOT commit this file to your repo. The auth token is a secret.
SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN=___ORG_AUTH_TOKEN___
SENTRY_ORG=___ORG_SLUG___
SENTRY_PROJECT=___PROJECT_SLUG___
# SENTRY_URL is only necessary if you're using a self-hosted Sentry
# instance (as opposed to `https://sentry.io`)
SENTRY_URL="https://your-sentry-instance.com"
```

**Option 2**

You can also set your org and project slugs by passing a `sourceMapsUploadOptions` object to `sentrySvelteKit`, as seen in the example below. For a full list of available options, see the [Sentry Vite Plugin documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/vite-plugin#options).

> <OrgAuthTokenNote />

Author: 👍
I added the .env file here as suggested - thank you!

In Option 1, I also added OrgAuthTokenNote above the .env file
